Dude.
How about Roy Nelson and Cro cop fight last night to crow grappler.
Good God.
What's he,
what happened?
I don't know.
Cro.
Cop wanted decision,
right?
Yeah.
One decision.
You,
did he take Roy Jones down or,
or no,
no.
Nelson Roy to a,
I tell you look the same though today.
Once a creature with a black guy talking about writing notes in was one of the
greatest boxers of all time.
When do,
yeah,
they both,
you know,
they both look like exactly how they liked they,
it was like,
I bet going Nelson hits harder than Roy Jones right now.
How do,
uh,
yeah.
Oh,
miles George just tagged Andre Fili.
He just tagged him with a left hand.
Uh,
yeah.
I think if you had him on that power meter,
I think,
uh,
I think Roy probably hits harder [inaudible] hundred and 50 pounds more close.
He's probably Roy.
Roy Jones Jr is probably about 200 pounds these days.
But when Roy was fighting shape,
God,
he was fun.
Well,
when he was at his heaviest,
he was about 200 right when he fought John Ruiz won the heavyweight title.
Yeah.
That was a phenomenal fight when you watch that me,
that was just artistry,
speed and precision versus a,
you know,
a world champion.
And John Ruiz who's a real good fighter.
He's a real good heavyweight fighter.
But Roy Jones was at that time,
you know the big fucker,
the big fuck up.
Rather it was going from that fight,
dropping down to fight Tarver at one 75 and back down using 25 pounds and
looking like shit,
looking like do and Tarver is a monster.
He's a monster.
Yeah.
There's also Tarver and him had gone to a drug,
a decision in one fight earlier and Tarver thought he won.
And you know,
Roy,
he like,
he's Roy apparently had something to say about,
you know,
why he didn't perform at its best.
So when they were faced off tonight and the referee goes,
any questions?
He goes,
God,
excuses tonight Roy.
And then he went and knocked him out.
Got To have a full Tara.
So
he was so good about these guys.
Forget about Tom.
He's still doing it,
man.
Stills.
It was six people know what you're talking about.
Oh No,
you got know
the magic man.
You don't know fight companion fans don't know.
Get the fuck Outta here.
Tara fans know.